Dear Students' Union of Macao University of Science and Technology, I am Kuan-Ting, a member of Delegate Affairs and Global Partnership of GIS Taiwan. GIS Taiwan (Global Initiatives Symposium in Taiwan) is an international student forum instructed by National Taiwan University (NTU) Office of Student Affairs and supported by Office of International Affairs. GIS Taiwan holds the international symposium in NTU every July. During the five-day forum, professionals from different fields will participate in the comprehensive discussions of current issues with distinguished students worldwide. Delegates will construct an Action Project after intensive brainstorming. In the past conferences, GIS Taiwan had the honor to invite speakers including: Lee Yuan-Tseh (the Nobel Prize Laureate), Tsai Ing-Wen (the President of the Republic of China), Dai Sheng-Yi (the Chairman of Wowprime Corp.), Kuo Way (the President of the City University of Hong Kong), and so on. By means of assembling scholars, entrepreneurs, and student delegates all over the world, GIS hopes to integrate academic knowledge into practical application; also to build an interdisciplinary and intergenerational platform for industry, government, and university to communicate, rendering an opportunity for global leaders to interact with the next generation. GIS Taiwan will hold the symposium on July 9 to July 13, 2018. The academic topics of GIS 2018 are artificial intelligence, platform economy, innovative education and one remaining to decide. We hope to collaborate with you, ranging from promoting each other (e.g. promoting GIS Taiwan and events S.U.M.U.S.T. will hold by sending emails to students of MUST or NTU) to signing partnership (e.g. discount on conference fee of GIS Taiwan). If you are interested in having further discussions, please reply directly. I am looking forward to working with you together in the future! Warm Regards, Chen Kuan-Ting Division of Delegate Affairs and Global Partnership GIS Taiwan http://gis-taiwan.ntu.edu.tw/index-zhtw.html